samples: matter: Make the max length storage asset key configurable. (#14991)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/advanced_kconfigs.rst

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_SECURE_STORAGE_BACKEND` - Activates the module based on the ARM PSA Protected Storage API implementation from the :ref:`trusted_storage_readme` |NCS| library.
  This backend implements ``Secure`` methods of the Persistent Storage API and returns ``PSErrorCode::NotSupported`` for ``NonSecure`` methods.

> Additionally, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_SECURE_STORAGE_MAX_KEY_LEN` option allows you to control the maximum length of a string-type key under which an asset can be stored.

Reviewer: Wouldn't this make sense as another entry in the list starting on Line 201?

Author: I thought about it, but this list only concerns the secure storage backend only whereas the new Kconfig is common for both backends.

Reviewer: Ah, right you are. In that case, I'd add this on its own between current Lines 197 and 199, edited as follows:
```suggestion
Both backends allow you to control the maximum length of a string-type key under which an asset can be stored.
You can do this using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_MATTER_SECURE_STORAGE_MAX_KEY_LEN` Kconfig option.
```
Now it kind of leads into the the Kconfigs for the secure storage backend.

Author: Ok, thanks :)
